Are you gonna stay home again today?
Yeah, I still feel a little yucky.
Okay!
I faked being sick to skip school...
I just...
I'm in love with you, Hori-san.
Have been for a while now.
I don't know how to face Miyamura after that.
It used to be so easy
to just text him, but now...
What's wrong with me?
I can't hang tomorrow,
but I'm free the day after!
Okay, you should come over then!
I'll tell my sister.
Okay!
"Horimiya"
I'm home!
"I Can't Say It Out Loud"
Welcome back.
How're you feeling?
A lot better, thanks.
Good! Can I have some yogurt?
Go right ahead.
Oh, I saw my bro this morning!
Yeah? How'd he look?
He was walking with a girl.
What?
Hey, which one do you want to eat?
Wait, who, what?!
This orange one has gummy balls in it!
You can have that; I don't like citrus.
Back up, a girl?! Who?!
Who? I dunno.
She was wearing some other uniform.
Some other uniform equals some high-school girl?
And hanging out with her times
I'm in love with you equals he's cheating?
Is he cheating on me?
He's totally cheating on me, isn't he?!
"CHEATING!"
Is he cheating on me?
He's totally cheating on me, isn't he?!
"CHEATING!"
"CHEATING!!"
Is he cheating on me?
He's totally cheating on me, isn't he?!
"CHEATING!!!"
Is he cheating on me?
He's totally cheating on me, isn't he?!
Whoa, okay, hold on.
I'm making too many assumptions.
They're probably just friends.
Did they look like friends?
What were they talking about?
Huh? Uh...
She was practically wrapped around his arm!
Hey, don't make a mess!
A girl? Wrapped around his arm?
Why?
This is stupid. I should just text
him to see what really happened.
She could be a friend from
middle school, like Shindo-kun.
It might not have even been...
"Third Year Elective: Modern Japanese, Class A"
Hey, Hori! Your cold all cleared up?
Quiet! Keep your voice down!
Sorry.
Where's Miyamura?
He's here. He was real worried about you, Hori.
He's sitting over by the window.
You should go sit--
Huh?
Okay, everyone, please find a seat.
Wait, Hori-san's here?
I didn't see her in homeroom.
She was here for first period,
but she was, like, really on edge.
Like in a really foul mood.
Almost seems like she doesn't wanna talk to you.
Did you guys get into a fight or something?
No, nothing like that.
Really? Well, okay, but...
We gotta go to the other classroom, Miyamura.
Got it.
Oh, sorry, go on without me.
Mmkay.
Hori-san?
Why'd you scream?
I wanted to talk to you--
Sorry, I gotta head home early today! Bye!
Were you awake?
The other day, you were awake, right?
I said it because I knew
you were awake, you know.
So...
Who is she?
Who's--what?
Th-The girl you were walking with. Who is she?
Wait, uh...
--Say you have no idea.
Say that Sota had the wrong guy.
--Uhh...
--Say you have no idea.
Say that Sota had the wrong guy.
Say it was just his imagination.
Say it's not like that, please!
Oh, you mean Chika-chan?
Chika-chan?
Yeah, uh, she goes to Yasaka--
I've never heard you
call a girl by her first name.
And she was hanging off of you in public, too.
I bet Chika-chan's smart
if she's going to Yasaka...
Hori-san? You've got it all wrong!
Chika-chan and I aren't like that!
It's Shindo! Chika-chan is Shindo's girlfriend!
Chika-chan slipped and twisted her ankle,
and then, so did Shindo,
so I lent her an arm to lean on.
So it's not like Chika-chan is--
"Japanese History"
Chika-chan this, Chika-chan that,
Chika-chan everything! What the hell?!
Hori-san, please listen, Chika...
Chika, Chika, Chika!
Shut up about Chika already!
But I don't know her last name...
"Kyoko Hori"
Wait, she's not mad about me walking with her...
She's mad about the name?
"Modern Japanese History Workbook"
That was all it took to
make her this mad at me...
"Modern Japanese History Workbook"
I threw a book right in his face.
I can't believe that girl.
She's totally lost it.
No, stop! Miyamura wouldn't say that!
Hey, sis!
What? You can have yogurt,
you don't need to ask--
My bro's here.
--Tell him I'm not here!
--Hello.
Should I leave?
What? I mean, I'll leave if you want.
Please stay.
Okay. Thanks.
"Modern Japanese History Workbook"
You forgot these.
Oh, thanks.
I, uh, thought about just
giving it to you tomorrow,
but you might need it for homework...
Yeah, good thinking.
--He's definitely mad at me.
--She's definitely mad at me.
Why is she mad, though?
I'm guessing it's still about Chika-chan...
He probably has no idea why I'm mad at him...
--S-Sorry--
--I'm sorry!
Huh?
Uh, sorry for throwing a book at you. Twice.
Oh, it's okay. It's my fault
for bringing up Ch--
Uh, Shindo's girlfriend,
when it was making you upset.
So... Do you know Chika-chan's last name, or...
No, I don't.
For real?
Sheesh, I wish you'd told me sooner!
Then I wouldn't have assumed wrong.
What? I told you.
You just didn't listen, Hori-san.
Yeah, well, whatever.
I was awake.
I heard what you said.
Oh. I mean, I said it because
I knew you were awake, so yeah.
I wasn't expecting a response or anything.
Honestly, I was kind of scared
to hear how you'd respond.
Sorry for dropping that on you and running.
Miyamu--
Kyoko.
Who's this guy?
Kyosuke!
Where's Yuriko?
H-Hold on, why are you here?!
I'm here to hang out.
Who's this? Is he...?
Whoa, what's that?
You're pierced all over! Can I touch your hair?
No smoking inside, Kyosuke!
I bet you smoke cigs.
No, not really...
These piercings are sick.
Did you do them yourself?
Yeah, back in middle school.
Damn.
I said, no smoking inside!
Kyoko, big girls don't hit
their daddies with an axe kick.
--They sure do nowadays. Did you not hear?
--So he is her dad.
I come home for the first time in
forever, and Yuriko's not around,
my own daughter is beating me up,
and she brought home a random guy!
Most people would call before
showing up on our doorstep.
Kyoko, I'm hungry! C'mon, feed me.
What? Ugh.
She'll groan, but make something
for me anyway. She's a good girl.
Uh-huh...
S-Sorry, sir, I should have intro--
C'mon, sit.
What the hell is going on?!
So who are you?
I go to Kiri High. My name's Izumi Miyamura.
Oh, same school as Kyoko?
Yeah.
Cool, cool.
Oh, shoot! Was I interrupting something here?
Huh? N-No, you weren't!
You sure?
You've got long eyelashes.
Anyone ever told you that?
'Scuse me, coming through.
Kyoko... could you put it
on the table next time?
Sure, next time.
Sorry, I have no idea where she
gets this from. She's so violent.
Oh, no, I wouldn't say she's violent...
Not at...
You're an only kid, or you got siblings?
I'm an only child.
Uh-huh.
You can't have my daughter!
Huh?!
Just kidding! Man, I always wanted to say that!
You're kind of freaking me out here!
Umm, so Hori-san calls you
by your first name? That's surpri--
Miyamura-kun, you know, my name's Hori-san, too.
Could you call my daughter by her name?
O-Of course. I'll use her first name.
--Kyo--
--C'mon, I'm just kidding!
It'd be totally awkward switching
to her first name out of the blue!
I wish I were anywhere else right now.
Kyoko! Kyoko-chan!
What? I'm coming.
What's the deal with you and
Miyamura-kun? Is he your boyfriend?
W--
We--
Well, yeah, got a problem with that?!
--Watch out, it's gonna fall!
--Hori-san...
I don't like boys with long hair!
Have you looked in a mirror lately?
I'll-I'll cut it.
I'll cut it short, sir.
Nah, you should just tie it back.
Wouldn't want it to go to waste.
Just ignore him, Miyamura.
L-Like this?
Kyoko-chan, get us some bobby pins!
What? Oh, come on...
The girls must be all
over you, huh, Miyamura-kun?
Huh?! No, not at all!
So you're fine settling for Kyoko here?
Yeah. She's the one I fell for.
Aww, man! I wish I could go back to high school.
Here are your bobby pins.
You're exactly like Yuriko was way back when.
And I bet you've been this immature
since then, too, you big, fat loser.
Kyosuke...
Oh...
Oh, no! We won't have enough dinner for you!
Seriously?!
Kyoko, Sota, me, Izumi-kun...
Oh, it's okay, I'll go home.
You heard her. I guess you could
borrow Miyamura's silverware.
Where'd mine go?!
We have some disposable
chopsticks you could use...
I don't have chopsticks, either?!
Sorry about Kyosuke being super annoying.
It's okay.
You sure? He's always so pushy.
Somehow, him being a Hori
kind of justifies his behavior...
Miyamura?
What is it, Hori-san?
Hori-san, I...
I don't know very much about you.
But I'd like to learn more
about you, little by little.
At least, I hope I can.
Yeah, well, the feeling's mutual.
Really?
Yeah.
I can walk from here.
Okay, be careful.
See you tomorrow.
Hori-san!
Thank you.
S-Sure.
Now I know how hard it is
to say "see you tomorrow"...
...and just how fast her heart can beat.
Yeah, so how many problems
did we have to do for Math?
Oh. Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't be stupid. I called you.
Don't worry about it.
You made it happen. Good for you.
It's fine. Yeah.
See you at school.
Aw, crap...
I'm so lame.
I was the one closest to her, man.
Miyamura...
Maybe I'll get a part-time job!
Whoa! Then you should work at our place!
He looks kind of down today...
Sakura! Sakura?
Sakura!
What's up? You're spacing out.
N-Nothing's up!
We should head to the student council room.
What were you looking at?
I-I said, nothing!
Yeah, right! You were totally
looking at something!
Look, I wasn't. Let's just
get to the council room.
Remi!
Is it something you need to hide from me?
Huh?
You've been acting weird lately.
No, I haven't.
Oh, c'mon. What was that
daze you were in just now?
What happened? If something's
bothering you, I'll listen!
She's got such big eyes
and a thin figure.
Hori-san's like that, too.
That's why Ishikawa-kun likes her.
She's pretty and cute.
You wouldn't understand, Remi.
Why, because I'm stupid?
You really think I can't help you with it?
No! No, you're just...
You're cute, and I'm not, so you
wouldn't get what's bothering me.
What the hell?
I'm being serious here!
And so am I!
I wish I were you, Remi.
I wish I were you!
Even my personality is hideous.
I'm hopeless.
Why is Ayasaki always hanging around Kono?
They're like, Beauty and the Beast!
I don't want to be Beauty.
Sakura!
Sakura's such a cute name!
But...
Beauty is my best friend!
"Student Council Room"
--Sakura?
--Wh-What?!
I went to the bathroom.
What's with the panic?
There's, uh, you see...
There's a guy I like.
But... I'm not cute like you, Remi.
I don't know what--
I've never seen you blush before!
You know, you're always so calm and
level-headed, but when you blush like this,
you look really cute, Sakura!
Sorry, Remi.
"Katagiri High"
What? Why do you need me to come?
Aw, c'mon!
Huh? Didn't you already leave?
I forgot something.
Same with you?
No, he just made me come with.
Oh, hey, Hori-san! I was wondering
about the English midterm.
How do I translate that one grammar form again?
What? You forgot again?!
Don't tell me you're feeling awkward.
Huh?!
I mean, a little. Sorry.
I told you not to worry about it.
Don't make me repeat myself, moron.
What's so funny?
Ow!
They're in their own little world.
Gross.
Whoa, what the hell is that answer?!
You're worse than Iura.
I'm hopeless at English.
I'm only good at -ing verbs.
It's almost five.
What's at five?
Oh, someone was supposed to be here.
Izumi-kun.
Me?
Wait, what?
I don't mean you, Miyamura! C'mon!
Oh, uh, really?
"Izumi Miyamura"
I meant Sota's friend. His last name's "Izumi."
Oh.
Here I thought you were gonna
start calling me by my first name.
What, you want me to?
Yeah.
Kinda.
Y-You know when you get all flustered,
I'm the one who gets embarrassed!
I-Is that how it works?
Sorry.
Dummy.
Dummy Izumi.
Hey,
my name doesn't start with "Dummy."
--I'm home--
--Sh-Shut up, you big dummy!
They're at it again.
Again?! Is your family okay?!
You big dumb dummy!
"This Summer's Going to Be a Hot One"